you
Joey hi Becky i kid i consider myself to
be a pretty clever guy and tonight yelps
martin job well done does it happen very
often Joey I will get a rematch as Polly
I appreciate what you tried to do you
know it was a nice gesture but it was
too little too late and if you think you
can steal my move my slice brick number
two you got nothing coming by that kind
of thing rubs me the wrong way and I'm
gonna see to it when these days will be
in a wheelchair you understand me leave
I don't like your face I don't like you
yeah he nice guy but you're a dead man
the CWF mid-atlantic you I'm planning on
coming back i plan on making this my new
home Joey I'm coming up to you i'm going
to take your title Lee I'm coming after
you I'm going to take your mobility I'm
coming to CWF mid-atlantic and I'm going
to be leaving the champion